# Terms & Conditions
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern RoundPartner Ltd relationship with you in relation to this website.
If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.

The term ‘RoundPartner’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Roundpartner Ltd, 71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2H 9JQ. Our company registration number is 08186288.
The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.

The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:

The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only.
It is subject to change without notice.

This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences.
If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored.
We will not sell or give your personal information to third parties.

We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website and help us create a more useful and easy to use site.
This is a web analytics service provided by Google.
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to collect information such as visitor numbers and the most popular pages.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
If you want to see more information about how Google uses this data and what they do with the data they collect, please view their website https://policies.google.com/privacy.

Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose.
You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.

This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.

All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.

Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.

From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites.
These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information.
They do not signify that we endorse the website(s).
We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).

Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
## Payments
At the end of your free trial you will be required to purchase a package to continue using many of RoundPartner's features.
If you decide not to purchase a package your account will be downgraded to a free read-only account.
A read-only account will only allow you access to your customers and your jobs but you will be unable to make any changes or updates until you purchase a package.

Purchasing a package is simple with our secure payment portal.
Once your payment has been made you will automatically have your account upgraded and will be able to enjoy all the features such as updating you customers, payments and invoices.
<!-- /Payments -->
## Refund Policy
If you are, for any reason, not entirely happy with our service please contact our customer services and explain the problem so we can provide a solution.
A refund is only available under the following circumstances:

- RoundPartner service becomes unavailable (scheduled maintenance is exempt)
- Technical department feels you're entitled to a refund
- You are really unhappy with the service

We will issue one month free use or extended trial period or a refund of up to one month.
Any credit we hold on your account will be returned to the card that was used to make payment.
Under certain circumstances we can refuse to issue a refund or credit.
Our aim is to have satisfied customers, and want to provide support that is second to none.
To request a refund or credit, simply <a href="/contact-us">contact us</a> with your purchase details within sixty (60) days of your purchase.
Please include your user details (sent to you via email after ordering) and optionally tell us why you’re requesting a refund – we take customer feedback very seriously and use it to constantly improve the quality of our service.
Refunds are being processed within 21 days period.
<!-- /Refund Policy -->
## Cancellation Policy
We accept that sometimes that our service;

- No longer suitable for your needs
- You no longer require our service

You can stop using RoundPartner at any time.
If you do decide to stop using RoundPartner, let us know as we would like to know so we could improve our service.

To cancel your package you need to go to the [view packages](https://roundpartner.co.uk/account/package) section of the website.
You will see the package you are subscribes to and presented a cancel button.
This will cancel your subscription.

Your data will be stored on our service for the minimum time legally required.
If you wish your account to be disabled and or deleted from our servers <a href="/contact-us">contact us</a>.
We will not charge for the storage of your data in read-only mode and we will not share your data with any third parties.

We can restrict or terminate your use of the service if you try to damage, steal or any other criminal activity that involves the use of RoundPartner.
<!-- /Cancellation Policy -->
## Returns Policy
If you are unhappy with a package/service purchased through RoundPartner please refer to our <a href="#refund-policy" title="Refund Policy">refunds policy</a> and <a href="/contact-us">contact us</a>
<!-- /Returns Policy -->
## Delivery Policy
Upon successful verification of your payment the packages and services you selected will immediately become available for use.
If a package or service you purchased is not delivered within 24 hours then <a href="/contact-us">contact us</a>.
<!-- /Delivery Policy -->
